MEET ACTBLUE
About Us
Small dollars. Big Change.
Welcome to the home of small-dollar donors. We’re proud to build the fundraising tools that thousands of groups and millions of grassroots donors use to make their voices heard and transform power structures in our country.

As a nonprofit, we’re driven by the belief that our democracy works better when more people participate in civic life and when our campaigns and nonprofits are powered by the people they serve. That’s why we’ve built a powerful online fundraising platform for Democratic candidates up and down the ballot, progressive organizations, and nonprofits. Our tools make it possible for anyone to build a grassroots campaign or movement and give donors an easy and secure way to support their favorite candidates and causes.

How ActBlue Works
We want as many groups as possible to be able to create strong grassroots fundraising programs. Our platform is available to Democratic candidates and committees, progressive organizations, and nonprofits that share our values for no cost besides a 3.95% processing fee on donations. And we operate as a conduit, which means donations made through ActBlue to a campaign or organization are considered individual donations. You can read more about our structure here.

We take care of building fundraising tools and technology so the groups using our platform can focus on engaging and communicating with their supporters — we don't fundraise, donate, or send texts or emails on behalf of any group. And as a nonprofit ourselves, we’re funded by our own amazing small-dollar donors!

Why Tens of Thousands of Campaigns and Organizations Trust Us
We work year-round, so even when campaigns end, our innovation continues. Our engineers are constantly A/B testing our contribution forms, creating new features, and staying on top of the latest advances in online security. And millions of donors can give to any group using our platform with a single click because they’ve saved their payment information through our ActBlue Express feature.

The best part? All of our tools and features come standard for any group using our platform, so a local food bank or candidate for school board can benefit from the same fundraising tools used by someone running for president. And we don’t leave folks to figure out our tools on their own! We have a dedicated donor support team, and our digital fundraising experts are ready to share their knowledge and work with fundraisers directly by providing trainings, insights, and other assistance.

Want to Join the Team?
It takes all kinds of people to power the small-dollar donor movement, and our growing team reflects that. We’re driven, creative, and collaborative people at the intersection of politics, tech, and advocacy. Learn more about our opportunities here!